Update intro (#320)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/introduction.md

![](/img/logo-horizontal-rke2.svg#gh-light-mode-only)![](/img/logo-horizontal-rke2-dark.svg#gh-dark-mode-only)

> RKE2, which originated as RKE Government, is Rancher's next-generation Kubernetes distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RKE2 is Rancher's next-generation Kubernetes distribution. RKE2 was originally known as RKE Government, as it was designed to target sectors with heightened security requirements.
```

Author: After talking to PM, the sentence was already agreed with Marketing people

## Why two names?
It is known as RKE2 as it is the next iteration of the Rancher Kubernetes Engine for datacenter use cases. The distribution runs standalone or integrated into Rancher. Automated provisioning of new RKE2 clusters is available in Rancher v2.6+.

> It has also been known as RKE Government in order to convey another use case and sector it currently targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: I modified it slightly
